feat: control block node version as environment variable (#2472)
hiero-ledger/solo: docs/site/content/en/docs/env.md

| `NODE_CLIENT_MAX_ATTEMPTS`        | The maximum number of attempts for node client operations.                                       | `600`                                                                                              |
| `EXPLORER_CHART_URL`       | The URL for the Hedera Explorer Helm chart repository.                                           | `oci://ghcr.io/hiero-ledger/hiero-mirror-node-explorer/hiero-explorer-chart`                        |
| `INGRESS_CONTROLLER_CHART_URL`    | The URL for the ingress controller Helm chart repository.                                        | `https://haproxy-ingress.github.io/charts`                                                         |

> | `BLOCK_NODE_VERSION`              | The version of the block node to use.                                                             | `v0.14.0`                                                                                          |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `BLOCK_NODE_VERSION`              | The [release version](https://github.com/hiero-ledger/hiero-block-node/releases) of the block node to use.                                                             | `v0.16.1`                                                                                          |
```

> | `CONSENSUS_NODE_VERSION`          | The version of the consensus node to use.                                                         | `v0.63.9`                                                                                          |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `CONSENSUS_NODE_VERSION`          | The [release version](https://github.com/hiero-ledger/hiero-consensus-node/releases) of the consensus node to use.                                                         | `v0.63.9`                                                                                          |
```
